family kids your honor before
starting today's video I have to
tell you about a little surprise and a little gift
that I have for you it's very nice what I've
achieved Well what I've
achieved not what
you've achieved because this agreement that I've
managed to reach with these people has been
thanks to you and for you I don't know
if you know the platform you know on the
internet there are several platforms from which
streamers do live shows you
know that sometimes we are on
YouTube another time we are on Twitch well it
's a green platform
called You know Alexa which is you know one
of Freddy 3 it's a song that was released
on July 25th 2018
to install you can watch the live shows
from both your computer and your
mobile phone and it's totally free I on
some occasions And for a long time I've been
doing live shows there and I
wanted to reach an agreement with them
to give you a gift the thing is going to
be that I'll be there on the
weekends we haven't set the time yet
put me in the
comments box now what would you like us to
do I think it would be good maybe the
Saturday afternoon once a
week for the whole month of August
little Summer Edition okay it's going to be
called I just made it up But
well little Summer I said it's going to be
some special live shows that I'm going to do
once a week I think that
Saturday afternoon will be pretty good talking
to you okay those live shows are going to be
just about talking to you I'm
not going to be reacting to videos or
topics or anything just listening to
your audios answering whatever you
want Chatting with you
having a coffee with you so the
application is totally free but
obviously just like on YouTube you
can give Super chats and on Twitch you
give bits in you now you give
likes as donations let's say Well here
comes the big one you download the
application that I'm going to leave in the
description of this video and in the
pinned comment or you download it
totally free Well if you're going to
watch it from the computer you don't need to
download it But anyway if you're
on your mobile you download it we
see each other once a week and we're there
hanging out and when  at the end of August
among the three who are at the top of the
likes we are going to raffle off a 24 GB iPhone 12
in any
color you want Okay when it's your turn
then choose it I mean it's very simple
just once a week I'm going to be there for
a while Chatting with you guys
on you now we're there laughing
listening to your audios I answer I
talk to you and among those who
bar the most among the first three
left in the month there will be a raffle for
an iPhone 12 in any color you want I mean I don't
know I can't make it any easier
We confirm during the week the
date and time that we are going to put on
these live shows I think that Saturday
afternoon spending the afternoon dad
is pretty good but well put the
comment box what do you think
download the application if you are going to
watch it and you are going to be with us from your
mobile I am going to leave it in the description and
in the pinned comment and well let's get to
the video let's see I had the decision
to make this video on the
main channel instead of my news channel you
know that I have a  news channel
tele salseo okay where I give
quick news and I'm very active throughout
the day but this topic I would like to
elaborate more in depth show you
things it's going to be very simple This
video I also tell you this because it's not
that complicated what I have to
show you but it's about a
retweet that Antonio David has made
these days in the last hours
specifically about Rocío Carrasco and Carlota
corredera leaving aside that he
was supporting us on the Twitter issue
not all three because I think they are three two
three four five the five retweets that
Antonio David has made are the
following this one from Evita dinamita in
which he posts a clip of Samantha Villar who
accuses the Telecinco journalists of
having incited
false information about Rocío Carrasco here and
there and that she didn't return after
this clip okay But I see this as
leftist nonsense I don't know I think if she didn't
return it was for another reason but oh well it's
a simple retweet This is a retweet from
cadena Juanjo okay our friend Juanjo
who from here  we send him a
big kiss because we love him very much in
which it occurs to him Yesterday morning
to make a hashtag you know that this is
very common among youtubers, let's go in
fact We have created up to
almost everything dismantling Carlota where
people contribute contradictions issues
in which Carlota does not look good No
I was watching the hashtag
live yesterday you can see my live on my
channel second and sincerely within
what is possible removing a couple of them that
maybe made a little mistake and They
went over the line very serious or rather
in a silly way there was no lack of
respect It is normal that Antonio David
repeats this he is a person who should and I
hope he is is being sued by Antonio David
this person treats
Antonio David as if he is guilty of a crime
that he has not committed okay In addition, he treats him as if he is
guilty all the time and says
a lot of nonsense about him, I mean it
seems very minimal to me to make a challenge to this
here he shares a news story where they make
fun of Carlota's exaggeration that she did
not sleep on the weekend thinking
that Antonio David would return to work
not this tweet of  Carlota is
totally laughable also not the prosecutors who
are not prepared for
biotechnology crimes go home to recycle to
study with a gender and humanity perspective to study with a
gender perspective, that is to say, Carlota corredera is the one
who decides if a judge is qualified
for something or not. I imagine that it will
depend on her interests not to study
with a gender perspective for her
studying with a gender perspective
means that the law is different
for men than for women,
okay, for women, I don't know, it
even seems like a parody to me, I mean, a parody,
one of these accounts where there are parodies, let's
see the accounts where there are parodies that
exaggerate characters and so on. I read
this tweet and I believe that it is from a
parody account, a parody of an
extreme feminist, okay. To put it
tremendously, tremendously, the completely
pathetic Carlota corredera, the judges
are people smarter than you and me,
but 25 times more prepared
than you than me, especially those who handle
cases of gender violence, the
women's courts, which is a law that
I think should be repealed and not
because I am in favor of violence of
course I should
condemn abusers with the harshest sentences and we
should punish all the people who sew
that commit crimes and all that stuff what
Commit crimes is worth or that law It
seems to me that it needs to be polished because it is very
contradictory with the
Spanish Constitution that violence is violence and
that's what there is okay Okay now
I'll tell you that the judges of the
women's courts are specialists in that
okay I mean you don't have to come nor your
friend Ana Bernal Treviño who
is also a selective feminist to explain anything
to the judges okay those who have made the
career are them and finally
retweet this tweet which is the one we are going
to comment on next in which
covers of Rocío Carrasco are shown not
alluding to the fact that Rocío
Carrasco has not been silent But well
now we will talk about this the question is
that the carrasquistas people who seem to
spend their lives with the issue of
Rocío Carrasco that I love eh gentlemen what
can we give our opinion  that's what
the documentary was made for, that's what the
pink sauce is for, that's what the gossip press is for,
but one thing is for you to have an opinion and for you to believe
one thing, you believe the other thing is for your
life to go to such an extent that there are
people who are seeking to sue
themselves, in other words, taking their problems
home when they are people in the
public who are not going to look out for you or
me, but there are people whose
lives are going to go to waste and Antonio David is calling
for these four retweets, abuser,
this is part of the abuse, harassment,
incitement to hatred towards Carlota and towards
Rocío Carrasco, the [ __ ] who says
that, I don't like to swear, okay, I
'm trying to control myself lately, and to
be a person who goes, my greetings on Sunday,
but oh well, the [ __ ] because this is
for [ __ ], the [ __ ] who says that
this is incitement to hatred or that these
damn people, please upload a live
with me and I will argue it, please
from here I ask the [ __ ] who
says that these are abuse or that this is
incitement to hatred, give him/her notice, upload
a live with me and explain it to me
please I would like to know that
this guy was fired and
precisely because of a label and an
accusation of a very serious crime, one of the
ugliest that they can accuse you of, that he
has not committed and that they are calling him
everything and that they are trampling on him and
his family and that they have even extracted a
conviction from his daughter when she was a minor and it
even seems sterile and harmless to
give this. So at least I'm flipping out and
well Let's address the issue a little bit,
this not of the tweet, no, this tweet has caused
a lot of commotion in the sense that the
Carrasquistas say that these covers are
a manipulation trick that Rocío
Carrasco has not given these exclusives that
these are covers of magazines well they have
taken photos of Rocío Carrasco on
the street and they have done a report on
them but this does not mean that
Rocío Carrasco speaks there they are right
some of these covers will be photos
that they have taken from archives or photos that they have
taken themselves taking it on
the street and it is not Rocío Carrasco  the one that has
given the exclusive some but to
leave you Of course Rocío has
spoken I'm going to show you some evidence
I The thing is like this I know them
by heart okay on my channel we have
discussed several they are very similar to
Rocio Carrasco's The thing is that the
audience I have now doesn't
know them and it's not worth it to bring it out but
this is a very common thing okay Rocio
Carrasco has not been silent for twenty so many
years Rocio Carrasco has
spoken and I'm going to show you
below it's a lie that is
repeated many times to make it
become the truth to give the image and
give the feeling to her followers that she
never speaks anymore that she tries to
avoid that she never speaks and that
only the courts speak to her and that it's
the other one who speaks clearly of course and if she
hasn't spoken more as Fidel already confirmed the
interview as I already told you
before Fidel confirmed it when she hasn't
spoken more it's because she has been getting
involved in civil proceedings for the
right to honor and when they are
getting you into civil proceedings it is
recommended that you do not say anything more
publicly and that you do not enter  more
controversy so as not to contaminate the process
but what is usually done in these
cases and what I think is done I think you
will agree with me is they make
indirect statements or they say things through
third parties or through other means and that Rocío
Carrasco and wanting the
bad information from Antonio David to reach and
release things releases things I am going to
take you back in time okay I am not
going to show everything 100% because I
think that what I am going to show you is
more than enough okay But anyway a
little compilation This was in 2020
when the documentary was supposedly already being made
in fact if you
were casting the documentary This is not
an exclusive that gives for the
magazine as such but she does speak
okay here you see how it is in quotes
there are wounds that do not heal And if we read
the magazine that we have read it is not
cable for the magazine but she does
give a press conference where she speaks to
all the media okay here in this
press conference is where it was said about Netflix
teasing the daughter and where she says that
at any moment she will  to talk That he is not
satisfied with everything he has
said that he is going to explode I don't know things like
that not in this report We have already been
seeing it for all these months
in this exclusive And yes, he does say
quite a few things no In fact, it makes you
think and now knowing that there was the
documentary after he was already preparing the
ground the magazine ten minutes in
fact sells it as an exclusive Rocío
Carrasco is already a new woman the key
to Her future plans to continue fighting
to reopen the abuse case
exclusive photos here according to 10 minutes these
photos are exclusive of it no Rocío and
Fidel The smile the couple has returned to
tranquility after the last
judicial episodes with Antonio David we
will have to see what it says inside the
magazine this Wednesday Rocío Carrasco and
Fidel albiac recover their tranquility
exclusive photos after the bad
times lived with Antonio David
tranquility has returned to their lives
again exclusive photos Rocío and Fidel win
the first round the judge sits
the Civil Guard in the dock for an
alleged crime of psychological abuse
against his ex-wife Antonio David very
thin and emaciated the issue of  how do
judicial processes go, judicial
processes have always reached the press,
either one party has them or
the other has them. This is the same as
this issue in which the alleged
concealment of assets in the newspaper El
Español, the video was already leaked both on
the plane the court declaring here you
have it that in fact watch Telecinco and
several media echoed it, okay, this
video that the Spanish publishes is the video
of Antonio David's testimony in a
trial, either one party has it or the
other does, do you believe that Antonio David or
his lawyer has sent this to the press,
I ask obviously from
ignorance, exclusive Rocío Carrasco sues
Antonio David's wife
asks Olga for 100,000 euros in two
processes admitted for processing man
This fits perfectly with other
stories that I know in two processes
admitted for processing, of course
civil processes are always admitted for processing
those that are admitted or admitted to us are
criminal ones a civil process by right of
honor is always admitted another thing is that they
dismiss or estimate the claim  the thing
is that it makes me laugh a lot because
these people emphasize every time they do
this they do not emphasize admitted to processing as
if that gave rise to vices no when I
believe that these processes one of them at
least are the ones that have been announced
recently that she has not won I mean she has
not won Although they have sentenced
her in Costa at least one of
them announced recently eh And I think that
this is he is asking Hola for 100,000 euros I mean maybe the
magazine Ten Minutes
is deceiving us selling this as an
exclusive and maybe it is not her who
is talking okay maybe the magazine
of 10 minutes which is a bit of a fortune teller And you
know the details of the process
obviously Up to how much are you asking there are
many people who publish these covers not
the three exclusives that she did with Hola No
because she sold her wedding for appears three
times no to me this It seems to me that we should not
put him in the bag because
obviously he is talking about his wedding and he
has every right in the world to
sell it as an exclusive that you pull is something else
for example in this other cover that
has nothing to do with those of  the
wedding is worth these other exclusives that gave
paraola when according to the
media the documentary was already signed,
okay, not recorded but it
was already signed it was already in process
according to informalia and several media
in this exclusive Antonio Gabini does not speak specifically about
his daughter but you know
that one about there is no greater contempt than not to
appreciate something like that I think it was No,
well what he does is make reference to
the congratulations that are
arriving for her birthday when at that
same moment the daughter was also
congratulating her from Honduras and
telling her that she would like to be able to do it
in private and clear things up these
other exclusives for now another one, okay
Here she is talking, I would not
marry Fidel tomorrow I have been
wanting to since I met him with all
the good and the bad that has happened to me I think
I am a very lucky person Well
here I have not seen the content of you should
see it but when he refers to
all the bad that has happened to him It is
evident that he is making himself the victim another
exclusive from Hola this according to Hola is
exclusive and according to Hola Rocío Carrasco
is talking Eh Carras This about them being
covers that are reports  that
magazines do but she's not the one
talking anymore, it's not that she does it very well, no,
Rocío Carrasco, the one who resists wins, let's go back to the
beginning, okay, that's
what we've been interested in to see
how this media battle began, non-
exclusive, happy after the sentence, Rocío
Carrasco, they have granted me
custody of my children, it's very important that
the press knows this, of course,
Antonio David Flores, it simply does not
exist for me, I have erased everything from my life,
absolutely everything, and watch out, watch out, okay, with
this statement, Fidel has never
intended to replace the father of my children,
but he does what the
father of children has to do,
all the things that have been
said to Olga just came to mind and it just came to mind that look at the
things that
came to mind that I am very strange,
I am a very person, it just came
to mind when Olga is saying
that all she has done was
love those children, no, and that the people
from the set the other day, maestro Joao and
Cristina  Tárrega said to him Hey but
when they say my Rocío and when you say that you have
given her a lot of love that I don't know what does
n't it bother you that there is a mother who is
hurt by these statements Of course
because Antonio David It seems that he has no
feelings and that
this should not sit well with her not that Fidel does what
a father has to do for his children
then it would be talking a little bit I
paid for it my impression I don't know what you
think of yourselves this would be talking or would it be staying
silent for 20 years go on Look at
another exclusive in Hola
exclusive interview Rocío Carrasco explains for the
first time the reasons for her separation
that is very important to explain it is that
this has to
be explained Antonio David cannot explain it okay he has to explain it to her what the impression I get is that she has tried to explain her version the other one his but as the other one has been more credible and she has looked bad for all the people of Spain throughout this time not in
reference to the mother thing and all these
things no Of course She has become
angry and frustrated and has started to
file lawsuits the complaints and  now the
whole issue this documentary no I mean
she has even stopped
being a public figure for a while over
the years and it's all because it makes her angry or
frustrated or whatever looking
bad Hey girl if you are a
public figure who talks about your life and who
sells exclusives because we are seeing
some exclusives that she has done
alone okay being without Antonio David but
it's that already with Antonio David She did a
lot of exclusives too Rosita
denies that there is another man in her life I
laugh at Antonio David's insults of
course these statements okay that are
in quotes agree a lot with
a complaint for psychological abuse No if
you find
Antonio David's insults funny and they don't hurt you it's
already going to blow my mind man with the Carrasquistas my
head is exploding as was being
commented before these are some
exclusives that we can see that she has done
no and that she has spoken no because it is that she has
spoken but then there are other
episodes that have been known in the
media of the gossip press that were not
known where they come from no how can it
be the video that we have seen of
Antonio David's statement in a
court Or every time  there was some
movement in a legal process
not in the subject or whatever Or every time
she sued for example you know
that there are things leaked that each party
says that they have not leaked it that it
was the other but that affect some
interest others But well you will continue
seeing with the passage of time no but it is
what I tell you there are times that I have spoken
directly and there are times that it has done so
indirectly here Gema López
throws it in her face that information
that information is purifying
everywhere it is information that I
raised in the garden and look it was
purifying there you go telling your
truth at that moment to people that the
mice reach us to people who
make it reach us okay You already
know that they are collaborators of the
program par excellence of the heart If
you go dropping the breadcrumbs and
those little things to the collaborators then in the
end they end up releasing them
realize that first it says Forgive me
Here
Laura does over there she said that less Ah
then Laura does that less no or
less Or that is that Rocío Carrasco can
speak but the other one can't but  the other one
retweets how strong no, he
can't even retweet and then the
documentary in your version was known there
Valdeperas trying to silence them
publicly But curiously, the ones who make
it reach me are precisely
those who are my bosses and superiors That's why
I always I say
aside, the first question is who
then came out that their boss and now he
says but listen to me one thing I already know how
Look,
apart from being your boss, they are my friends,
of course, that's a justification, it's fine that they
are your friends, that you tell them your
things but what friends, right? I mean, what
friends you have, that you give the information you give it
to the
collaborators, no, I'll leave it there and then we have
other covers that we
could also release What happens is that in this one it
is true that we cannot
confirm if it is her speaking to some
media outlet or if it is the magazine to which she
brings up the subject because yes, not like in
this cover in which it is said that Rocío
Carrasco, fed up with the attacks from her
family, is considering suing Raquel
Mosquera and Amador Mohedano, no, this does not
have to be that she has  spoken
is for example neither Maybe we
can confirm that it was her not
Rocío Carrasco already plays with her children and
this other one well the same is also a thing
of the paparazzi not of her but well she
starts the legal battle against Antonio
David for the custody of her children but
these are very fortune tellers the thing that I
believe that with these small
brushstrokes you get demonstrated but if
this If you speak although she has not been
silent for 20 years she has spoken
directly and indirectly too
that there is nothing wrong that
both parties have all the rights to
go around telling each one their version And
this is a media war between the
two This is neither abuse nor violence
nor anything nor damage to honor they have
considered it this is a
media battle to see who looks better and
who leaves the other worse That is what it
seems to me each one for their
personal reasons each one because Hey because I
Consider that the other person has
made me have a bad time or that if she has
told this about me I also deserve to
tell my part no because there we are
seeing that she also went to magazines to
tell about her separation we do not know if it was
her  that opened the floodgates We also have
the episode where mother
Rocío Jurado in Argentina said on a
television program that Antonio was an
abuser So I don't know, this is
what it seems to me, it's pim pim pim pim for
both sides. I'm telling you that it's fine
that they are media personalities that
both are telling but that one doesn't go to the
victim putting the other as an
abuser and that the other cannot
speak and that she has never spoken, that
everything is judicial that she never No, if she
speaks for 20 years, things have not been
as they are, eh, gentlemen, to me I'm not
saying that Antonio David is a saint that he
is perfect that he hasn't made mistakes that he has
done everything right but I
like to do tastes and be with the truth
ahead no and here you have what
is, let's go that it is in the magazine
that I have not invented this nor have I
done it with Photoshop that this is
in the magazine nothing gentlemen remember the
link in the description of you know,
Saturday or Sunday okay we will talk about it, what
you ask me in the comments
and we will see each other at  Please be interested and we'll
see you
[Music]